[Music]
hello youtube friends here we are in
a new video of a new way for your
grand theft auto 4 that I had it
asked for a subscriber and I would gladly
I'm going to do and here we are
the one of the brief a person as there was
said a big hello to him
and first they go to the link I will leave you
in the description
you have to go to the page
and wait 5 seconds and jump
advertising and will take you to this part and
they give you download
once this is done you open the
winrar file
they go to the root folder of their game
which in my case would be local disk equipment
ce row programs
rockstar games grand theft auto 4
being here you
they mark all this
here
they give him to move and replace
and once this is done you
I would have the grand theft auto 4 in
first person
you are going to start playing and you would have
that change the camera that would be with uve
many times or quickly and I would put
the first person
and I tell you from experience because I
since I'm good, I always play first
personal the gta 4 and the zombie mod too
the first person games
good guys up here the video today
I hope you liked it has been
short but
everything because they asked me
see you until the next goodbye